#summary What's going on with this project.
#labels Phase-Design,Featured

= Introduction =

Goal of this project:
I had a bunch of documents (pdf, doc, chm, etc) and I wanted an interface to search them and access the files that matched the query. I found an existing desktop application to do that _TODO find name of that app_. But I wanted it to be a web page.

First I thought of using some CMS, in Java or php, but the ones I found have a tough learning curve (or I was just too lazy). So I also used this as an excuse to learn about GWT. Later I added Guice to do some DI (I always have used Spring in my current and previous jobs).

= Details =

Like two months ago I reached "version 1.0", which loaded the documents (pdf, etc) from inside the servlet. Used gwt 1.7, Lucene 2.9, guice 2.0 (for DI with @Inject annotation and servlet modules extension). Lucene index is also saved inside servlet (so no WAR packaging). 

Now the current goal is:
  * Use GWT 2.0 and GXT 2.1 (too bad GXT 2.1 is not in maven yet. By the way, this projects uses Maven).
  * Use Lucene 3.0 with the fast highlighter extension and the suggest word extension
  * Read the files from FTP. Also have the option to upload new documents to same FTP using basic authentication predefined in some properties file.

I'm using Eclipse IDE with GWT plugin. I'm having some issues with the development mode of GWT 2.0 . I think it is not prepared to be used with Guice Servlet Modules yet.

Also, The project uses Apache Tika to parse the documents and convert them to text. Tika does not support parsing CHM files yet (windows help files).

_TODO add links to gwt, gxt, lucene, tika, etc._